Greta, come on in.
We agreed you'd have dinner in my place tonight, didn't we?
Mrs. Walker, I, um...
I think it's for the best if I don't.
Greta, please let us make it up to you.
My mom will feel terrible if you don't come.
That's right.
You saved Caleb's life.
The least I can do is treat you to dinner.
And I've lined up some jobs for your father.
Come check it out and see what suits him best.
Come on, get in.
Mrs. Walker, Mrs. Walker...
I mean, that's very generous of you, but I...
I don't think it's proper.
My mom has ordered a chef to whip up some dishes.
If you don't come, all the food's going to go to waste.
What a pity.
Right.
You can pack some up for your father.
Doesn't he need nutrition?
Okay, um...
I'll go.
Sit down and relax.
Child and I are going to fresh it up.
We'll be right back.
What is it doing here?
And Mrs. Walker find it for me?
Rings look just like mine.